Company : I decided to choose the Brasaland company. 
Justification: I found it interesting that the company is using WhatsApp for orders and recording data with that.  It caught my attention since I use WhatsApp often to talk to my family in Nigeria but would find it not beneficial in the food industry.  An update would be needed to make that more efficient and ensuring accurate inventory. This company has 14 locations across countries and has been successful even though there is a lack of customer data supporting what drives their business to make decisions. An enhanced AI helper could help to minimize problems they are experiencing as a company to help expand their business even more. I would the most interested in building an AI agent to produce inventory needs based on the data collected. 
Departments: I found that the Marketing and Digital Experience is the most interesting! An app that would guide the company on what people were ordering would help them to make better decisions. The Restuarant operations department is also interesting.  It would be helpful to see the times that sales were coming through and making the company the most money.  After this data, they could determine if those hours needed to be moved along with being aware the customers the store attracts.
Agent: The Agent would be able to determine the inventory that is needed according to the location of the store.  It would need the total revenue of the online and instore sales in order to function.  The data to support would also include the customers needed to make Brasaland run efficiently.  I would look forward to seeing an AI agent to produce inventory needs for the company using that data.  